[IMP] Inventory: Updating for 16.0 no save button (#4573)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping/operation/label_type.rst

=============

In the :menuselection:`Inventory` module, go to :menuselection:`Configuration --> Delivery -->

> Shipping Methods.` Click on a delivery method to choose it. For the following example,
> *FedEx International* will be used.

Reviewer: Early line break
```suggestion
Shipping Methods.` Click on a delivery method to choose it. For the following example, *FedEx
International* will be used.
```

.. image:: label_type/shipping-options.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Different shipping methods.

In the :guilabel:`Configuration` tab, under :guilabel:`Label Type`, choose one of the label types

> available. The availability will vary depending on the carrier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
available. The availability varies depending on the carrier.
```
